Taylor (#2290)
openturns/openturns: python/doc/theory/reliability_sensitivity/taylor_importance_factors.rst

defined to rank the sensitivity of the inputs to
the output for central dispersion analysis.

> We denote by :math:`\uX` the input random vector. We assume that the marginals of :math:`\uX` are independent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let :math:`\uX` be the input random vector. We assume that the marginals of :math:`\uX` are independent.
```
At some point you will get used to the "Let X be a random variable." english expression :)

Reviewer: There is no need to insert a new line after each sentence:
![image](https://github.com/openturns/openturns/assets/31351465/cf6e25d6-6c29-4a99-a0f8-d035131e7160)

Author: yes...

Author: ok

> We note :math:`Y = h(\ux)` with :math:`h: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset` a scalar function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let :math:`Y = h(\ux)` with :math:`h: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset` be a function with a scalar output.
```

Author: ok

Reviewer: The output cannot be the random upcase letter Y if the input is the deterministic lower case letter x. I fixed that in #2450

> Refer to :ref:`taylor_expansion_moments` to get details on the expressions of the approximations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read :ref:`taylor_expansion_moments` for details on the expressions of the approximations.
```

Author: I let Refer to be coherent with the other files. I changed the end of the sentence.

Reviewer: This is ok for me.

> The first order  Taylor expansion of :math:`h` around :math:`\vect{\mu} = \Expect{\uX}` yields to the first order approximation of :math:`\Expect{Y}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first order  Taylor expansion of :math:`h` at the point :math:`\vect{\mu} = \Expect{\uX}` yields
the first order approximation of :math:`\Expect{Y}`:
```

> The first order  Taylor expansion of :math:`h` around :math:`\vect{\mu} = \Expect{\uX}` yields to the first order approximation of :math:`\Expect{Y}`:

Reviewer: This equation is already written in _taylor_expansion_moments, so I suggest to remove it from the current page because it is off-topic. The current page focuses on the variance, not the expectation.
```suggestion
```

Author: yes

.. math::

>     \Expect{Y} = h(\vect{\mu}).

Reviewer: This cannot be an equality in general.
```suggestion
    \Expect{Y} \approx h(\vect{\mu}).

The previous approximation is an equality in the special case where the function is linear.
```

>     \Expect{Y} = h(\vect{\mu}).

Reviewer: This equation is already written in `_taylor_expansion_moments`, so I suggest to remove it from the current page because it is off-topic. The current page focuses on the variance, not the expectation.
```suggestion
```

Author: yes

> The independence of the marginals implies that:

Reviewer: Adding a bibliographic reference will be of great value for some readers:
```suggestion
The independence of the marginals implies that (see [daveiga2021]:
```

Author: I do not agree... it is not daVeiga who is a reference for that result!!! This result is in any book of initiation in Probabilities.....

Reviewer: I agree that (Da Veiga et al, 2022) is not the author of the formula, but that is not necessarily implied when we cite a book as a reference. On the other hand , avoiding to add a reference may imply that the equation is new, which is not. All in all, (Da Veiga et al, 2022) is one of the few textbooks on the topic of sensitivity analysis: adding the reference does not mean that Da Veiga created that equation. Still, this is an informative reference on the topic of S.A., where the equation can be found and explained. This is the information the user is looking for when reading a theory help page. Please insert any reference that you may find suitable.

.. math::

>     \Var Y = \sum_{i=1}^{d} \left(\frac{\partial h}{\partial x_i}(\vect{\mu})\right)^2 \sigma_i^2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \Var Y \approx \sum_{i=1}^{d} \left(\frac{\partial h}{\partial x_i}(\vect{\mu})\right)^2 \sigma_i^2
```

Author: yes

Reviewer: Actually, you removed this equation to avoid duplicating the content with `taylor_expansion_moments`, which is better indeed.

> where :math:`\sigma_i^2 = \mbox{Var}[X_i]`.

Author: yes

> We note :math:`\eta_i` the importance factor of :math:`X_i`, defined by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By definition, the importance factor of :math:`X_i` is:
```

Author: ok

Reviewer: You missed to include that bibliographic reference into your code, so I added it in #2450.

.. math::

>     \eta_i = \frac{ \left(\frac{\partial h}{\partial x_i}(\vect{\mu})\right)^2 \sigma_i^2}{\Var Y}.

Reviewer: A bibliographic reference is mandatory when introducing this equation.

> Therefore, the importance factors sum to one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the model is linear (i.e. if the model is equal to its Taylor expansion), then the importance factors sum to one:
```

Author: yes

Let us denote by :math:`\uX` the input random vector.
Assume that the marginals of :math:`\uX` are independent.

We note :math:`Y = h(\ux)` with :math:`h: \Rset^d \rightarrow \Rset`.

Refer to :ref:`taylor_expansion_moments` to get details on the expressions of the approximations:

> The first order  Taylor expansion of :math:`h` around :math:`\ux = \mu = \Expect{\uY}` yields to the first order approximation of :math:`\Expect{Y}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first order  Taylor expansion of :math:`h` around :math:`\ux = \mu = \Expect{\uY}` yields the first order approximation of :math:`\Expect{Y}`:
```

Author: I modified the text and the sentence is no longer there.

.. math::
    \Expect{Z} = h(\muX).

The independence of the marginals implies that:

.. math::

>     \Var Y = \sum_{i=1}^{d} \left(\frac{\partial h}{\partial x_i} (\mu)\right)^2 \Var X_i

Reviewer: I think that `\mu` is not appropriate here, because the mean of the input distribution is not a scalar but a vector. This is why `\muX` was used for.

Author: Yes. I modified the text.
